README.md, before:

# Knp Rad Resource Resolver

## Why using it?
Tired of doing the same things again and again in your controllers, like transforming a URL value in an object?
Don't want to use ParamConverter Annotations?

This Resource Resolver is for you.

## How to use it?

In a yaml routing file, it could look like this :

    users_show:
        path: /users/{id}
        defaults:
            _resources:
                user:
                    service: my.user.repository
                    method: find
                    arguments: [$id]
    # This will automatically resolve the resource to give you a $user object in your request attributes
        
    countries_cities_buildings_index:
        path: /countries/{countryId}/cities/{citySlug}/buildings
        defaults:
            _resources:
                buildings: @app.building.repository::findByCountryAndCityAndActivity($countryId, $citySlug, "School")
                    service: app.building.repository
                    method: findByCountryAndCityAndActivity
                    arguments: [$countryId, $citySlug, "School"]
    # You will have a $buildings variable in your request attributes

Every `key` under `_resources` will be return as a `$key` converted value in your request attributes.

## How does it work?

A `ResourcesListener` listens to `kernel.controller` event and resolves automatically all resources in `_resources`.
The component uses `ParameterCaster` objects to catch different argument types and `Parser` objects to resolve _resources locations syntax.

This means you can easily add your own `ParameterCasters` and `Parsers` to change the syntax used by the component.

To add your own `ParameterCaster`, just tag it with `knp_rad_resource_resolver.parameter_caster`.
The tag to add a `Parser` is `knp_rad_resource_resolver.parser`.

## How to include it in my project?

Just install it with `Composer` using `composer require "knplabs/rad-resource-resolver: dev-master"` and declare the bundle in your `AppKernel.php` file like this:


    public function registerBundles()
    {
        $bundles = array(
            // Other bundles
            new Knp\Rad\ResourceResolver\Bundle\ResourceResolverBundle(),
        );

You're done.

## License
This project is published under MIT License. Feel free to contribute.

Commit message:

Dispatch event when a resource is resolved
Update documentation. Dispatch resution hooks

Fix CS

Fix doc

Fix doc

README.md, after:

# Knp Rad Resource Resolver

## Why using it?
Tired of doing the same things again and again in your controllers, like transforming a URL value in an object?
Don't want to use ParamConverter Annotations?

This Resource Resolver is for you.

## How to use it?

In a yaml routing file, it could look like this :

    users_show:
        path: /users/{id}
        defaults:
            _resources:
                user:
                    service: my.user.repository
                    method: find
                    arguments: [$id]
    # This will automatically resolve the resource to give you a $user object in your request attributes
        
    countries_cities_buildings_index:
        path: /countries/{countryId}/cities/{citySlug}/buildings
        defaults:
            _resources:
                buildings:
                    service: app.building.repository
                    method: findByCountryAndCityAndActivity
                    arguments: [$countryId, $citySlug, "School"]
    # You will have a $buildings variable in your request attributes

Every `key` under `_resources` will be return as a `$key` converted value in your request attributes.

## How does it work?

A `ResourcesListener` listens to `kernel.controller` event and resolves automatically all resources in `_resources`.
The component uses `ParameterCaster` objects to catch different argument types and `Parser` objects to resolve _resources locations syntax.

This means you can easily add your own `ParameterCasters` and `Parsers` to change the syntax used by the component.

To add your own `ParameterCaster`, just tag it with `knp_rad_resource_resolver.parameter_caster`.
The tag to add a `Parser` is `knp_rad_resource_resolver.parser`.

## How to include it in my project?

Just install it with `Composer` using `composer require "knplabs/rad-resource-resolver: dev-master"` and declare the bundle in your `AppKernel.php` file like this:


    public function registerBundles()
    {
        $bundles = array(
            // Other bundles
            new Knp\Rad\ResourceResolver\Bundle\ResourceResolverBundle(),
        );

You're done.

##How can I hook resource resolution ?

There is two events : 

    - knp_rad_resource_resolver.before_resource_resolved: dispatched before the resolution. You can set the resource before the resolution.
    - knp_rad_resource_resolver.resource_resource_resolved: dispatched after the resolution.

## License
This project is published under MIT License. Feel free to contribute.
